---
title: Lesson 7
layout: post
author: vinayak.chummun
permalink: /lesson-7/
source-id: 1dwjbAstJ50yYHkllYcbTRR7jXKxfeaVKYmaA2ubturo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>23/04/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>N/A</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To finish quite a lot of this code.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did the lesson go? What techniques did I use?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that the lesson went pretty well. I put my head down and started working, this time I got two badges this lesson. I had got through lots of code carefully reading the examples and questions and managed to actually do well. Although there were a few things we had to go over at the start of the lesson. For example Mr Ampah Korsah had to go round the class and check everyone's blogs and some people  including me had failed to get their blog fixed.I should also ask Mr Ampah Korsah for more help they should also bring IT club back on as we still have not got a notice in the register.<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1NCthpWm7KX2kkpLC0q8Q_0_NtUNJ5_l3/preview" width="640" height="480"></iframe>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to work on asking for help from a teacher and if I have a problem I need to fix it. In future this will help me and get me better grades in other subjects as well. For example if I am struggling in a particular topic in a subject It is my responsibility to fix it. But even though it is my responsibility to fix it. It is the teachers responsibility to help the children so I don't understand why he does not.<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1MoStJB7WtYtjULSC17G7XI_t41lwUaGz/preview" width="640" height="480"></iframe>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I can listen to instructions a bit more and if I do so then I will be able to do better in IT. For example if I listened to sir then I would not have got into trouble and would be doing fine in IT. Also I should be focused and be good and get good grades in IT.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


