---
title: Lesson 9
layout: post
author: vinayak.chummun
permalink: /lesson-9/
source-id: 1vjQk--n3JgRFUl-of3dbOj0Xz_PR6js0f_k12mIYmp4
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>23/04/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>N/A</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To finish quite a lot of this code.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did the lesson go? What techniques did I use?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that the lesson went pretty well. I started working straight away, this time I got one badge this lesson. I had got through lots of code carefully reading the examples and questions and managed to actually do well. Although there were a few things we had to go over at the start of the lesson.I think that as Mr Ampah korsah was not here this lesson then we could not get as much help as we should have got.I should also ask Mr Ampah Korsah for more help they should also bring IT club back on as we still have not got a notice in the register. <iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1FhwWuRcaHi1DDBfsuZC3eeBUk80_t1P9/preview" width="640" height="480"></iframe>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to work on asking for help from a teacher and if I have a problem I need to fix it. In future this will help me and get me better and try harder.grades in other subjects as well. For example if I am struggling in a particular topic in a subject It is my responsibility to fix it. But even though it is my responsibility to fix it. It is the teachers responsibility to help the children so I don't understand why he does not. Also I do not understand why he gives me low grades when i try my best in IT so I personally think that is impartial and unfair. Also this is the last week and I can do better next year.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I can listen to instructions a bit more and if I do so then I will be able to do better in IT. For example if I listened to sir then I would not have got into trouble and would be doing fine in IT. Also I should be focused and be good and get good grades in IT. Which i did not get although trying my best. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


